PG’S LIFESTYLE  
As the name specifies “PG’s LIFESTYLE” is a software developed for managing various activities in the hostel. For the past few years the number of educational institutions are increasing rapidly. Thereby the number of hostels are also increasing for the accommodation of the students studying in this institution. And hence there is a lot of strain on the person who are running the hostel and software’s are not usually used in this context. This particular project deals with the problems on managing a hostel and avoids the problems which occur when carried manually.
Identification of the drawbacks of the existing system leads to the designing of computerized system that will be compatible to the existing system with the system Which is more user friendly and more GUI oriented. We can improve the efficiency of the system, thus overcome the drawbacks of the existing system.
Less human error

Strength and strain of manual labour can be reduced
High security
Data redundancy can be avoided to some extent
Data consistency
Easy to handle
Easy data updating
Easy record keeping
Backup data can be easily generated

Introduction:-
We have got different hostels in Jaipur locally and, which consist of boy’s hostel girl’s hostel and unisex hostels also available. All these hostels at present are managed manually by the hostel owner and admin. The Registration form verification to the different data processing are done manually and other formalities done offline.
Thus, there are a lot of repetitions which can be easily avoided. And hence there is a lot of strain on the person who are running the hostel and software’s are not usually used in this context. This particular project deals with the problems on managing a hostel and avoids the problems which occur when carried manually
Identification of the drawbacks of the existing system leads to the designing of computerized system that will be compatible to the existing system with the system which is more user friendly and more GUI oriented. We can improve the efficiency of the system, thus overcome the drawbacks of the existing system.


Purpose/conclusion
As the work on my project is coming to an end, it has achieved its defined objectives. The Hostel management-derived PG’S lifestyle website helps cut down the trouble of foraging for a perfect Accommodation for students and Office workers. Overlooking all the blunders through the making of this website project, the idea to give society the privilege of finding suitable temporary homes makes it all worth the effort. This user-friendly project is primarily built upon WordPress working in the Content Management system.

Sorting through all the suitable tools to work with, helped me explore my wide range of hands-on capabilities that professionally will help me in future projects. The whole optimized undertaking of the project helped me realize the sole necessity to look over the client’s needs and deliver the desired result with rightly guided efforts. 





